## What tasks did your team set out to complete this past sprint? What did you actually complete? If they are not the same, what are the sources of this discrepancy? 
We initially decided to complete a design sprint where we would create various mock-ups of what the website would look like. However, some group members ended up working on learning Javascript, some worked on builidng possible blocks in Python, and others worked on trying to get the monaco editor working locally. At the end of the sprint we all finally got the Monaco editor source code on our computer and were able to run it locally and make basic updates to the HTML. The discrepancy between what we aimed to complete versus what we actually completed is due to poor communication between group members and not concretely determining what we wanted to accomplish for the two week sprint. 

## What tasks will your team complete this coming spring? How did you decide on these priorities? 
We decided to first work on a minimum viable product (MVP) for the editor, perhaps one where you can't delete a curly brace or where an "if" block is added when the user types the word "if". To accomplish this goal, we need to learn how the various functions in Monaco work, for example finding the position of the mouse or finding a specific word in relation to the cursor position. After the MVP is complete, we will work on increasing functionality such as read-only parts of code, customizable error messages, a search function, auto-complete, and code blocks. We prioritized the most important aspects of our project the highest and tasks like a search function lower on the list, as it isn't as important and should not hinder our forward progress.

## How accurate were your estimates of the community partner's priorities, based on your initial meeting and then the subsequent email followups? 
We haven't technically emailed our community partner yet, as we hadn't accomplished much by the end of the first sprint. After our meeting on Monday morning, we will consolidate what we have accomplished over the weekend and send a progress update to Josh, to see what he thinks of our MVP. When we first talked with him, it sounded like he wanted design mock-ups, so we will see if that is what he still thinks is the most important task to accomplish at this point in time.

## Look back at your hopes and fears from the previous reflection. Have your hopes and fears changed? How? Why? 
Compared to last week, I can actually run the Monaco editor locally (thanks, Justin), and have fiddled around with different functions using the online Playground. I'm currently working on a function that will insert a while-loop or if-statement when the word "while" or "if" is typed, respectively. However, it is difficult to find which functions relate to our editor, how to code them, and what they actually do. One of my fears is that the functions that I'm trying to make work doesn't exist, and I'm not sure how to work around this problem. I'm hoping that this is the upward trend of the learning curve and that although I haven't made much progress since the last reflection, I've at least made a little headway and have a stronger grasp on what and how we can accomplish our tasks.
