#### Reflect on the agile/scrum process. What are it's started goals? Based on your project so far, is that process achieving those goals for your team? Why/Why not?
The goals for agile and scrum are to break the project down into two week sprints and then for each sprint to have designated small manageable tasks so teammembers can all work on various parts simultaneously. It's supposed to use an iterative approach where the minimum viable product is first created and then further and further adapted in each following sprint to the community partner's specifications. I believe one of our biggest challenges is breaking the project down into manageable tasks. Although we have done that and even then some people seem to not have been able to accomplish their tast. Scrum also relies on each person holding themselves accountable for spending time on the project and meeting every few days to make sure that each teammember is staying on task. Our team does meet almost every other day (MWF) but each time we meet, the same roadblocks arise and there doesn't seem to be effort to overcome the roadblocks.

#### Reflect on your communication with your community partner. Do you think you are on the same page? Why/why not?
When we met with Daniel, it seemed like we were on the same page, although he only found out about the project the night before. It seems to be that Josh thinks that what we have done so far is fine, although we need to work on adding/removing items from the dictionary to make it more customizable for the 9 Dots group. Josh sent us a link to the esprima parser so it seems like that is the parser he would prefer but we should ask him if he knows Recast and which he believes is better. We seem to be relatively on the same page, although I think some finer details like what should be protected and what shouldn't be and other customizable features can be clarified on Friday's meeting.

#### Look back at your hopes and fears from the previous reflection. Have your hopes and fears changed? How? Why?
Since the last reflection, I have accomplished a lot: HTML buttons that execute a function when clicked, a dictionary that can be updated with blocks and then is populated in the HTML with a JS function, colors/design, formatting, and more buttons. Overall, I feel a lot more confident about the project and that the hard parts are going to be the tedious checking that the cursor isn't by a protected token as designated by the parser. My hopes have now shifted, and I now hope that I (we?) can actually finish the project before the end of the semester and that the group will begin working together to help accomplish this task. I fear that I'm going to get really frustrated with the group, especially as the semester nears the end. Also, I'm now more worried about test cases and code review, since it's something completely new to review code--like I usually write it and if it works, I'm happy. Taking the next step to make the code more efficient and easier-to-read is a not-so-fun part of programming that I will definitely get more experience in this semester.
