#### In your own words, briefly describe your project in a paragraph. 

When students are first learning to code at an elementary school level, they typically begin on block-based coding languages such as 
Scratch. The transition to actual typing-based programming is rocky, as kids don't usually have the typing skills or error-checking 
patience that high school students and up have. 9 Dots is contracting our group to modify the online Monaco editor to transition students
from block-based editors to text-based editors. Using features such as read-only functions and customized error messages, we aim to design
a working website for students to practice typing in a Javascript editor while still enjoying the assistance from blocks and unbreakable
code.


#### Think back to the first week of class, before your community partner meeting. What did you think your project was going to be? How has meeting with the community partner changed your understanding of the project (if it did)? 

I thought the project would be more concretely designed that it is now, and that the project was more focused on kid-computer interaction
than straight Javascript programming. Our community partner had the idea of this website to transition kids from blocks to text, but the 
actual implementation is very confusing. I wasn't sure if the project was going to be on a website or a program, and it was clarified 
during our meeting to be a website and to include certain features such as customized error messages and undeleteable parts of code along
with parenthesis and brace pairing.

#### How do you feel about the project so far? Hopes, fears, concerns? Thoughts on how things might proceed? 

I feel a little overwhelmed by the project. I have a few tabs open where I spend an hour or so a day looking through and trying to make
some headway but I'm confused by the overall implementation. I think the background in "Javascript templating" needs to be learned and I
also need to learn how to use Github to actually work on the editor. (I downloaded what I think is the editor code from Microsoft's 
Github page, but I'm not sure how to actually run/work it.) I hope that after this rather large learning curve, everything will be a least
a little more clear, and I will understand how to edit/use the functions provided by Monaco.
