#### How did the user testing/feedback session go? What did you expect to learn? What did you actually learn?
The user testing/feedback session was fine. We met with Josh's friend in-person and then video called with Josh two days after. I expected them to have more of a concrete vision of the project, but Josh's friend didn't really know much about the project so it was hard getting feedback on the website from him. I think I also expected that they would know exactly what to do next and where to go with the project. I learned that we need to come in with many questions and a plan, and that having them play with the website really helps them form concrete ideas of what they think should be implemented. 

#### What, if anything, have you learned about interacting with real clients on real projects?
I learned that working with real clients on real projects is more difficult than previously imagined. At least for our project, our community partner is experienced in computer science which is good because he knows, for the most part, what can and should be implemented in our project. However, he agreed with getting the parser working, but he had more of an overall view of the project which we didn't have as much, which is good and bad. It's good, because it gives us long-term plans for the project, but it's also not so good because certain features that aren't as important (such as color, design, etc) are emphasized by the client, but we can't deliver on those until we complete the short-term (i.e. more important) parts of the project. 

#### Look back at your hopes and fears from the previous reflection. Have your hopes and fears changed? How? Why?
My hopes haven't really changed. Since I wrote the last reflection a week ago, our group hasn't accomplished much so there isn't much room for hopes/fears to change. I am getting more stressed as the semester progresses, however, and I'm realizing that I'm not able to spend as much time working on the project as I'd like as chemistry research begins encroaching on my designated practicum work time. One new hope is that I hope that spring break will give me a lot of time to get back into the project and work on test cases and figuring out the parser.
