### Software engineering process
I learned a lot about how Scrum and Agile development are supposed to work in a development setting, and that oftentimes workplaces do not follow these procedures perfectly, if at all. The process usually consists of developers working in teams on a specific project for a certain amount of time, which can range from weeks to years. The team usually meets every day or every few days to update each other on their progress, keep each other accountable, and get help if necessary. There is usually a project manager and a hierarchy of developers from intern all the way to Senior Engineer. Asking a coworker for assistance is encouraged and the workplace environment, depending on the company, can be either very relaxed or more formal (although most tech companies are leaning toward the former). 

### Working with community partners
Our community partner was 9 Dots, which is an LA-based non-profit located in Hollywood, CA. We met with our community partner, Josh, in person during the second week of the semester, then visited the headquarters after our first month. The second meeting was over Google Hangouts and the third and final meeting will be once again at the headquarters. Actually visiting the space was very cool, as I got to see the place where developers, teachers, and students all work and learn. It had a very open and relaxed atmosphere and although Josh couldn't make it, we met with his coworker. Throughout all of my communications with Josh, he has been very responsive and quick to answer any questions we had with the project. It was a little rocky at first figuring out what he wanted and what we should focus on, but by the end it seems like it worked best by taking his suggestions, making a quick prototype, then seeing his reaction and follow-up comments.

### Working with other programmers
I didn't get to have much experience with this aspect, which is actually rather unfortunate. I'm not sure how this happened with all three group members, but in a more ideal scenario, it would have been nice to bounce ideas off other people. On the bright side, it was a lot easier to build off my own code and not worry about having merge conflicts (except with Justin's commits). Also, understanding/code reviewing poorly written code was not an issue, and I didn't have to worry about sharing the work (which can be difficult at times when there are not enough parts to work on). Overall, however, I believe it would have been a better learning experience if I had had group members to learn from and work with.

### Project Specifics 
As a whole, I am proud of the project that was created over the past few months. We were very ambitious with our goals at the beginning of the semester, but even though only one person was coding, a lot was accomplished. Not taking into account the groupwork/communication aspect, the project on its own went well. The webpage is able to automatically populate a button container with code snippets from a dictionary file, code can be added by a button click or using autocomplete, and blocks can be deleted by pressing the backspace or delete key twice at the beginning or end of a block. A lot of the functionality that was desired is there, and it is ready for 9 Dots to alter how they please. On the other hand, certain parts of the project such as drag-and-drop, customized error messages, and a search function were not implemented, due either to not having the time or to realizing that it is non-essential to the project. If I had to do the project over again (aaah), I think I would spend more time researching the API of the Monaco editor and experimenting in the playground. I have done a lot of this, but more research and reading github issue pages could have helped even more. Overall, I learned a lot about abstract syntax trees, parsers, some HTML and CSS, JavaScript, and the Monaco editor, all of which I had little knowledge of before (especially ASTs).
